You are threatening me
Hahahahaha
dare not dare
The eldest sister is Jiang Cheng
Under one man above ten thousand
How dare I threaten you?
But then again
Your power of Red Star is only in Jiangcheng
My Zhao family's influence is all over the building
Don't take things too far.
Everyone has a bad face
You grab it
What are you?
How dare you talk to the eldest sister like this
Believe it or not, I will kill you in minutes
Big sister
Do you really want to pay for such a man?
Do you want to die with me?
Well, is it a fish to death or a pebble to a stone?
Besides, you don't ask around
Who have I, Lin Nan, suffered from all these years?
You and I will put the words here today
I don't care what backers your Zhao family has
Who dares to help your Zhao family today?
My family went to exterminate the door one by one
Hahahahaha
You are lazy, I know that your Red Star is extraordinary in power.
But don't you forget
Strong in the middle
A mountain is taller than a mountain
In Jiangcheng, you may be able to cover the sky with one hand
But outside Jiangcheng
There are many people who can crush your red star
I advise you to let my children go
Otherwise
I'll turn your red star into ashes with one call
Ok you hit
Hit now
I'd like to see it
Can you find out what bulls, ghosts and snakes will support you?
OK
I will let you see the strength of the Zhao family today